README.md, before:

# CS3050-Final-Project
## TODO:
#### Group 1:
- ***Hit stun***
- ***Implement Hit-boxes for attack moves***
#### Group 2:
- ***UI (Menus (character select/ input schema select, in-game pause, timer)***
#### Extras:
- Super-moves/ Different characters
- Backgrounds (move with players)
- Gamepad???

## Input Schema:
### 'Implemented' Keys:
The control scheme is listed below. Italics are for ideas, bold is for actual implementations. Keep in mind control 
schemes are being updated, and this may not be accurate.
- W-A-S-D Keys (or I-J-K-L): Classic controls (look_up-left-right-crouch) **INPUT IS LOGGED BUT NO MOVEMENT**
    - Blocking: To block, walk backwards (away from enemy)
      - *idea: blocking health-bar beneath regular player health-bar, recharges over time* 
    - Shift Key (or Space): Dash/ Sprint
    - Left Alt (or Right Alt): Jump
- Z (or M): punch (faster startup and recovery than kick)
    - _-Z: heavy punch
      - *Lunge affect?*
    - d/a(_side-dependent_-Z: light punch (poke) **BOXES IMPLEMENTED**
      - *Simple and fast basic attack*
    - w-Z: anti-air punch
      - *Jump punisher*
    - s-Z: low-profile punch
      - *Counter Heavy/ Light Punch*
- X (or ,): kick (longer range, (heavier damage?) than punch)
    - _-X: heavy kick
      - *Counter Low-Profile stuff (overhead smash-down)*
    - d/a(_side-dependent_-X: light kick (poke) **BOXES IMPLEMENTED**
      - *Good range, fast start-up, but easily punishable (long recovery)*
    - w-X: anti-air kick
      - *Good against punches (Kick up, can intersect arm hitboxes?)*
    - s-X: low-profile kick
      - *say goodbye to your toes*

### Non-implemented/ Idea Keys:
- C Key (or .): Super Move

Commit message:

Revamped README.md with a clearer overview of inputs

README.md, after:

# CS3050-Final-Project

## Input Schema:
### 'Implemented' Keys:
The control scheme is listed below. There are three different schemes, we have the vs. Computer scheme, and the left and right schemes for vs. Player. There are shared keys between both listed below.
- **Look up, move left, move right, crouch:**
    - *PVP Right and PVC: W-A-S-D Keys*
    - *PVP Left: I-J-K-L*
    - **Blocking:** To block, walk backwards (away from enemy)
      - Blocking health-bar beneath regular player health-bar, recharges over time
    - **Dash/ Sprint:**
      - *PVP Right and PVC: Shift Key*
      - *PVP Left: Space*
    - **Jump:**
      - *PVP Right: Left Alt*
      - *PVP Left: Right Alt*
      - *PVC: Space* 
- **Punch Controls:** Basic Attack registers as a heavy punch.
  - *PVP Right: Z*
  - *PVP Left: M*
  - *PVC: J*
  - **Command Normals:**
    - **Forward (Towards Enemy)** and **Punch:** light punch (poke)
      - A simple and fast basic attack.
    - **Look up** and **Punch**: Short Punch
      - A high damage attack, but long startup and short range (easy to punish).
    - **Crouch** and **Z**: Anti-air Punch
      - Jump punisher, attacks into the air.

### Non-implemented/ Idea Keys:
- X (or ,): kick (longer range, (heavier damage?) than punch)
    - _-X: heavy kick
      - *Counter Low-Profile stuff (overhead smash-down)*
    - d/a(_side-dependent_-X: light kick (poke) **BOXES IMPLEMENTED**
      - *Good range, fast start-up, but easily punishable (long recovery)*
    - w-X: anti-air kick
      - *Good against punches (Kick up, can intersect arm hitboxes?)*
    - s-X: low-profile kick
      - *say goodbye to your toes*
- C Key (or .): Super Move
